.\" to process use the following command
.\" groff -man -Tascii manpagename.1
.TH SMASHEM 1 "6 November 2013"
.SH NAME
smaSHeM \- a System V shared memory segment manipulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B smaSHeM
-v
|
-i
<
.I shmemid
>
-l
<
.I shmemlength
>
<
-@
<
.I patchoffset
>
-s
<
patchstring
>
|
-d
[
-p
|
-c
|
-P
|
-j
-x
<
xstart
>
-X
<
endx
>
-y
<
starty
>
-Y
<
yend
>
]
>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B smaSHeM
is a System V shared memory segment manipulator.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 15
.I -v
Displays the version number andd terminates.
.TP 15
.I shmemid
Specifies the segment identifier.
.TP 15
.I shmemlength
Specifies the length of the segment.
.TP 15
.I patchoffset
Specifies the start of the patch.
.TP 15
.I patchstring
Specifies the string to patch in.
.TP 15
.I -d
Specifies that the segment should be displayed. On it's own, it will lead to a
raw memory dump being performed.
.TP 15
.I -p
Specifies that the segment should be displayed as a
.B Perl
string.
.TP 15
.I -c
Specifies that the segment should be displayed as a
.B C
string.
.TP 15
.I -P
Specifies that the segment should be displayed prettily.
.TP 15
.I -j
Specified that the segment should be image dumped. As we are looking at raw memory,
this involves brute forcing the x and y dimensions.
.br
By default, 
.B smaSHeM
will fix the y dimension at 30 pixels and try 0 through 2000 as valid x values.
You can however change this as follows:
.TP 15
.B -x
Specifies the minimum x dimension.
.TP 15
.B -X
Specifies the maximum x dimension.
.TP 15
.B -y
Specifies the minimum y dimension.
.TP 15
.B -Y
Specifies the maximum y dimension.
.br
When dumping images, files will be written out as JPEGs to the current working
directory in the form x-y.jpeg.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Tim Brown <mailto:timb@nth-dimension.org.uk>.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to Tim Brown <mailto:timb@nth-dimension.org.uk>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co Tim Brown, 2013.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
